---
title: "A Real-Time and Interactive Fluid Modeling System for Mixed Reality"
collection: publications
category: manuscripts
permalink: /publication/2024-11-01-TVCG
excerpt: '一个基于Unity平台，使用单视角流体图像进行实时三维重建和模拟，并支持用户使用VR设备进行交互的系统工作'
date: 2024-11-01
venue: 'IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics(TVCG)'
slidesurl: 'http://HanchenDengCG.github.io/files/TVCG-1.pdf'
paperurl: 'http://HanchenDengCG.github.io/files/TVCG-1.pdf'
citation: 'Y. Cen, H. Deng, Y. Ma and X. Liang, (2024). &quot;A Real-Time and Interactive Fluid Modeling System for Mixed Reality.&quot; <i>IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics(TVCG)</i>. '
---

Within the realm of mixed reality, the capability to dynamically render environmental effects with high realism plays a crucial role in amplifying user engagement and interaction. Fluid dynamics, in particular, stand out as essential elements for crafting immersive virtual settings. This includes the simulation of phenomena like smoke, fire, and clouds, which are instrumental in enriching the virtual experience. This work showcases a cutting-edge system developed to produce dynamic and interactive fluid effects that mirror real captured data in real-time for mixed reality applications. This innovative system seamlessly incorporates fluid reconstruction alongside velocity estimation processes within the Unity engine environment. Our approach leverages a novel physics-based differentiable rendering technique, grounded in the principles of light transport in participating media, to simulate the intricate behaviors of fluid while ensuring high fidelity in visual appearance. To further enhance realism, we have expanded our framework to include the estimation of velocity fields, addressing the critical need for fluid motion simulation. The practical application of these techniques demonstrates the system's capacity to offer a robust platform for fluid modeling in mixed reality environments. Through extensive evaluations, we illustrate the effectiveness of our approach in various scenes, underscoring its potential to transform mixed reality content creation by providing developers with the tools to incorporate highly realistic and interactive fluid seamlessly.
